Episode 8

Episode opens with Agatha revealing her past to a whammied Wanda. She was a witch in Salem sentenced to drown, but "Ralph" saved her and gave her even greater power for her loyalty.

Agatha isn't mind-controlled, she's doing this of her own volition for her "master."

She posed as a psychiatrist and tricked Wanda into creating the hex in order to "syphon" her powers for an unknown purpose.

Vision encounters Monica and Pietro and releases the latter from the Hex whammy. Pietro reveals that he is indeed Peter Maximoff from the X-Men universe and wants to return home.

The three of them face off Agatha and Wanda, and with Visions power of LOVE (awww!), Wanda returns to her senses and begins undoing the Hex.

The Hex becomes unstable. Half of the people trapped start "glitching" between all their different roles, while the other half are fully awake and start freaking out. They still can't leave however.

Hayward and his SWORD goons manage break into the unstable Hex and make a bee-line in recovering Vision. Before they can, Agatha whammies Hayward and all his goons to hold the townspeople hostage.

Vision and Wanda confront Agatha, while Monica, Peter and Jimmy (who's also now inside) confront SWORD. While Monica and Jimmy fight off the goons, Peter does his signature "sweet dreams" moment (will likely be a different tune in the proper episode) to save the townsfolk one by and one and get them through the breach.

Episode ends with Billy and Tommy standing outside looking into the Hex.

Mid-credits scene has Strange, Wong and a bunch of sorcerers arrive outside the glitchy hex. The sorcerers help the people and freed SWORD agents while Strange and Wong prepare to go in.

Episode 9

Episode starts off with another Dr. Agatha PHD scene. She whammies Wanda into breaking into SWORD to steal Vision's body. It's in horrible shape however, and she relents. That's when Agatha convinces her create the Hex, along with another Vision, confirming he's not from another universe.

Agatha makes the Hex disappear entirely, which weakens Vision and causes him to start disintegrating. Wanda goes all out against her and a huge battle ensues.

Strange and Wong arrive. Strange and Peter give each other knowing glances, like they were expecting to see the other. Peter speeds Monica and Jimmy to the rescue encampment.

Wanda defeats Agatha Phoenix-style, but starts losing control. Strange shows up inside her mind and gives a mind-trip "You are better than this!"-style speech.

After Wanda powers down, she kneels next to a dying Vision and they share a final goodbye while Strange and Wong look on.

On the outskirts of town, Agatha is still alive and limping when Karl Mordo appears (the other big appearance!). She doesn't recognize him. Just as she's about to ask him to help her, he strangles her with his staff-whip thingy and extracts all the energy she siphoned from Wanda. As Agatha ages into an old woman, a dark cloud/smoke with purple energy shoots out of her and she dies. He looks on into the red energy in his hands while two teens - an aged Billy and Tommy - appear behind him.

Epilogue has Wanda going with the Masters to Kamar Taj to heal and hone her powers. Peter asks her about her sons, but no one but him has any memories of them. Hayward apologies to Monica, Jimmy and Darcy and gives the atoner routine. Jimmy and Peter both join SWORD.

Mid-credits scene features Wong doing his infinity stone hologram show by himself in the library, looking super concerned. He singles out the blue space stone, surrounded by black swirls (Loki's altered timeline), while a seventh, white stone appears in the center.

End-credits scene has the black cloud quickly wash over New York, lightning speed. No one notices it however. Suddenly hex-shaped portals begin opening in the sky one by one and series ends with "Wanda Maximoff Will Return." Doesn't say where.